git pls
 It all started out as a mild curiosity in the junkyard, and now it's turned out to be quite a great spirit of adventure. The best thing about a machine that makes sense is you can very easily make it turn out nonsense. Rose... before I go, I just want to tell you: you were fantastic. Absolutely fantastic. And do you know what? So was I! I hate computers and refuse to be bullied by them. And I'm looking for a blonde in a Union Jack. A specific one, mind, I didn't just wake up this morning with a craving.

Well, who are you boys? Oh, of course! Are you his companions? Allons-y! Renewed? Have I? That's it, I've been renewed. It's part of the TARDIS. Without it I couldn't survive. We're trying to defeat the Daleks, not start a jumble sale! Aw, I wanted to be ginger! I've never been ginger! And you, Rose Tyler! Fat lot of good you were! You gave up on me! Ooh, that's rude. Is that the sort of man I am now? Am I rude? Rude and not ginger. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. Are these antiques dotted about all over the building? It really is a splendid piece of audioarchitectonicalmetrasynchosity!

It's a fez. I wear a fez now. Fezzes are cool. Oh my word! Doctor no more. There are some corners of the universe which have bred the most terrible things. Things which act against everything we believe in. They must be fought. Two wrongs don't make a left turn. An old friend of mine. Well, enemy. The stuff of nightmares reduced to an exhibit. I'm getting old. Come on! I hate computers and refuse to be bullied by them. Excuse me, do you mind not farting while I'm saving the world? Courage isn’t a matter of not being frightened, it’s being afraid and doing what you have to do anyway.

An unintelligent enemy is far less dangerous than an intelligent one…. I think I might have miscalculated. The best thing about a machine that makes sense is you can very easily make it turn out nonsense. I've reversed the polarity of the Neutron flow, so the TARDIS should be free from the force field now. Don't be sad Grace. You'll do great things. There are some corners of the universe which have bred the most terrible things. Things which act against everything we believe in. They must be fought.

Brave heart, Clara. Yeah? Well I'm the Lord of Time. No sir. Thirteen! Am I having a midlife crisis? Why are you pointing your screwdrivers like that? They're scientific instruments not water pistols! There are fixed points throughout time where things must stay exactly the way they are. This is not one of them. This is an opportunity! Whatever happens here will create its own timeline, its own reality, a temporal tipping point. The future revolves around you, here, now, so do good! There's something else I've always wanted to say: Allons-y, Alonso!

You can spend the rest of your life with me, but I can't spend the rest of mine with you. I have to live on. Alone. That's the curse of the Time Lords. Well, I'll tell you something that should be of vital interest to you.…That you, Sir, are a NITWIT! Eight minutes is ages. What if I get bored? Give me knitting. Anybody remotely interesting is mad in some way. Let's go in! I am not a student of human nature. I am a professor of a far wider academy of which human nature is merely a part. Aw, I wanted to be ginger! I've never been ginger! And you, Rose Tyler! Fat lot of good you were! You gave up on me! Ooh, that's rude. Is that the sort of man I am now? Am I rude? Rude and not ginger.

I don't know. But I'd probably blame the English. Please just... just see me. [The Hand of Omega] is called that because Time Lords have an infinite capacity for pretension. I am the Doctor! The original, you might say! Usually called 'The Doctor.' Or 'The Caretaker.' Or 'Get off this planet.' Though, strictly speaking, that probably isn't a name. What do you think of the new look? I was hoping for 'minimalism', but I think I came up with 'magician'. Oh, good grief. If you could touch the alien sand and hear the cries of strange birds, and watch them wheel in another sky, would that satisfy you?

I know who I am, I… AM… THE DOCTOR! Have faith, Brigadier. Have I ever led you astray? Did I? It must be the carrot juice making me colour blind! I know. Dinosaurs! On a spaceship! Our lives are different from anybody else’s. That’s the exciting thing. Nobody in the universe can do what we’re doing. I never know why. I only know who. The trouble with computers, of course, is that they're very sophisticated idiots. They do exactly what you tell them at amazing speed. Even if you order them to kill you. So if you do happen to change your mind, it's very difficult to stop them from obeying the original order. But not impossible.

Do you wanna come with me? 'Cause if you do, then I should warn you — you're gonna see all sorts of things. Ghosts from the past. Aliens from the future. The day the Earth died in a ball of flame. It won't be quiet, it won't be safe, and it won't be calm. But I'll tell you what it will be: The trip of a lifetime! Do you have to talk like children? What is it that makes you so ashamed of being a grown-up? We are not of this race. We are not of this earth. Susan and I are wanderers in the fourth dimension of time and space.

Butterfingers. It all started out as a mild curiosity in the junkyard, and now it's turned out to be quite a great spirit of adventure. Brave heart, Clara. I don't think that I'm a hugging person now. He thinks I'm a charlatan, my Dear. Oh, the pointing again! They're screwdrivers! What are you going to do? Assemble a cabinet at them? Good grief.... It's a Stegosaurus! When this is all over, you can find a shoulder to cry on. But for now, you need me. You may disguise your features but you can never disguise your intent. 
